Once the shopping cart looks good, you, sir, will hit the summary button.
Now what would that page look like?
That is the main question so far that I already have a why that is designed.
We can't go to our controller court controller and let's have an action method.
Just copy the index action here based at one more time for summary.
I can comment on of the cold out here.
We do not care about that.
We can just return back to the view.
Let's right click on summary at that view.
We can go with greater view empty here.
We need to rename this to match our action matter, which is summary.
And let me add that.
Next, the way I provide that in snippets, so we will go to section nine.
Somebody here, why?
Copy and paste it right here.
Everything is pure e-mail.
And he says nothing fancy.
Let's run this and see what the UI looks like.
And based on that, we can determine what will be the model of this view.
Let's go to our card now again here and hit the summary button.
Of course it won't work because if we go back to the index and when we scroll down to the summary link
here, we have to add the action, which is summary.
Let me save that and refresh.
Let us quick summary and it loads our final summary way.
So let's pause for a minute here and analyze what will be on the data that we will need here.
So on the left side, we have the shipping details, which has name, phone number and street address
city state postal code.
On the right hand side, we want to display on the order summary.
And when we hit the place all karapatan, we need to create an order inside our database.
So with that, we need a design of table to store all of the order details.
Typically, whenever an order is placed that has two parts, one is the order header and next one is
the order details inside order header.
We have all the details about the order, like mail shipping address, maybe a carrier details tracking
number, order total and so on.
In fact, order details we have all of the products are items that are within that order.
So that is like a detail about what that order is about.
What is the name?
What is the price of the individual item?
What is that count and so on?
So we basically will have to add two tables for order in our database.
Let's create them in the next video.
Before we move forward.